The world ocean is the water surface of the Earth that washes all continents and islands.

Pacific Ocean

The Pacific Ocean is the oldest ocean on our planet.
A large part of it is located in the hot thermal zone.
 The largest number of islands is concentrated in the Pacific Ocean.
The equator divides it almost in the middle, and 180 meridians pass through its water area.
 The maximum depth of the Pacific Ocean is 11,022 m (Mariana Trench).

 Atlantic Ocean

 The Atlantic Ocean is the second largest, after the Pacific, part of the World Ocean.
  Its name comes from the name of the mythical country of Atlantis.
   The Black and Azov Seas of Ukraine are the seas of the Atlantic Ocean.
  Most of the Atlantic Ocean is located in the Western Hemisphere on both sides of the equator.
  The Atlantic Ocean washes the shores of North and South America, Eurasia and Africa.
  It is deep, although somewhat inferior to the Pacific Ocean. Its average depth is almost 3,600 m, and the greatest depth is 8,742 m

 Indian Ocean

 The Indian Ocean is the third largest ocean on Earth.
  It was there that people began to make their first sea voyages.
   The name of the ocean comes from India, a country that was famous for its wealth in ancient times and whose shores it washes.
  The Indian Ocean is located entirely in the Eastern Hemisphere.
 Most of it is found in the Southern Hemisphere.
  The Indian Ocean washes the shores of Australia, Eurasia and Africa.
   The average depth of the Indian Ocean is over 3,900 m, and the deepest is 7,729 m.

 Arctic Ocean

 The Arctic Ocean is the coldest of all oceans because it is located in the cold belt.
  On the subpolar territory, the sun's rays fall obliquely and heat the water surface a little.
   The water temperature in this ocean is about -2°C throughout the year. Throughout the year, the Arctic Ocean is covered with ice.

 A thick ice cover up to 5 m thick does not have time to completely melt during the short and cold summer.

 Only in summer does a wide strip of water free of ice form along the coasts of continents.